AGREEMENT FOR SALE

THIS DEED OF AGREEMENT FOR SALE is made on this the 30th day of December, 2025.
BHUMI DEVELOPER A Proprietorship concern having its Registered office at Dubchururia, Near G.T. Road, P.O. & P.S. Andal, District -Paschim Bardhaman, Pin Code No 713321, in the state of West Bengal, represented by its sole proprietor MR. MITHILESH KUMAR SHARMA (having Pan Card No-CJGPS5442F) son of MR. BHARAT SHARMA, By Faith: Hindu, By Occupation: Business, by Nationality Indian, resident of Jhanjra Colony, P.O. Jhanjra, P.S. - Faridpur, District - Paschim Bardhaman, Pin Code No-713363 in the state of West Bengal hereinafter called the "FIRST PARTY/ SELLER" (which expression shall include all his/her heirs, successors, assigns, representatives unless contrary to and repugnant to the context) of the OTHER PART.
MR. BHARAT BHUSAN TIWARY (Having Pan Card No- ADIPT4020E) Son of MR. JANARDAN TIWARY, by faith Hindu, by occupation Service, by Nationality Indian, resident of Behind Kulty Muncipalty Office, Palash Bagan, Sitarampur, P.O.- Sitarampur & P.S. - Kulti, Pin-713359, District - Paschim Bardhaman, in the state of West Bengal, hereinafter called and referred to as the "SECOND PARTY / PURCHASER" (Which expression shall unless excluded by or repugnant to the context include their heirs, Successors, executors, assigns, administrators and legal representatives) of the OTHER PART.
WHEREAS the first party is a registered Firm under the name and style of "BHUMI DEVELOPER" under Proprietorship business having its principle place of office at Gopalmath Near G.T. Road, P.O. & P.S. - Durgapur, District Paschim Bardhaman, Pin Code No-713217, in the state of West Bengal.
AND WHEREAS the first party has started a business of Land Development which consists of Flat, Duplex, Construction and Marketing along with plotting of Land, either on the basis of purchase, development, or by virtue of Agreement, Attorney etc. in the name and style of "AASHIYANA" within the jurisdiction of Asansol Sub-division (W.B).
AND WHEREAS the first party has acquired certain plots of Land within Asansol Sub-division and the schedule Property is the part of the same.
AND WHEREAS the first party with a view to develop his project and to meet their financial requirement agreed to sell their acquired property on consideration of Sale Value and the purchaser being satisfied from all corner agreed to purchase the schedule property at the price offered by the seller/first party which is Rs. 2,00,000/- (Rupees Two Lakh) Only per Katha and the total consideration amount shall stands Rs. 44,00,000/- (Rupees Forty Four Lakh) Only for the Schedule mentioned Property.
AND WHEREAS to avoid any future litigation both the parties have decided to reduce in Black & White.
NOW THIS AGREEMENT OF SALE RUNS AS UNDER: -  
1.That the intending sale of plot of land mentioned in the schedule below will be free from all encumbrances. 
2.  That the First Party do hereby receive and acknowledge an advance amount of Rs. 14,00,000/- (Rupees  Forteen Lakh) only by different cheques Nos. 1) cheque number.......of Bank of India, Neamatpur Branch, dated........ Rs......... /- (......), 2) cheque Number.........., of Bank of India, Neamatpur Branch, Dated........ of Rs.......... /-(.......) & 3) cheque Number.........., of State Bank of India, Niyamatpur Branch, Dated........ of Rs....... /- (.......) totalling Rs. 14,00,000 /- (Rupees Forteen Lakh only). from the second party / purchaser out of total consideration amount of Rs. 44,00,000/- (Rupees Forty-Four Lakh only) till the date of this agreement the sale of the schedule mentioned plots of land. 
3.  That the second party /purchaser undertake and promise to pay the remaining amount of consideration amount within 30 th day of June, 2026 or before the date of Registration of the said plots of in his favour. 
4. That expenses incurred for the execution of the sale Deed in favour of the second party /purchaser.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF both the parties put their respective hands and seal on the day, month and year first above written in presence of witness.
5. That, if any title dispute arises in respect of the ownership of the Schedule mentioned property the first party shall be bound to return the whole advance amount with Bank Interest within 30 (Thirty) days from the date of dispute arisen.
6. That, if the first party fails to execute the Sale Deed in favour of the second party the first party shall return the whole advance amount with bank interest.
7. That, in case, the second party fails to pay the rest amount within the Stipulated period, then the first party shall have the liberty to cancel this Agreement/increase the price of the property/ return the advance amount after deduction of prevailing banking interest of the advanced amount.
8. That the second party shall have the power to develop only the registered purchased Land and no other Landed property.
9. That, the first party declares, he/they has/have not entered into any agreement with any other person against the sell of schedule mentioned property to this agreement.
10. That if any title dispute arises shall be the subject of Specific Relief Act.
On Consideration of the aforesaid conditions the first party is inclined to have wing specifications:-
a) The aforesaid Sale shall have the registered liberties of enjoying the road facilities under the specification that shall consist of 16 ft. width Road On the Northern Side & 16 ft. width Road On the Eastern Side.
b) The first party shall provide the Street Light on the Single side of the Road.

c) Under the specification be it mentioned here that the first party shall provide Electricity and also establish Drains System, and the expenses for maintenance shall be borne by each of the parties or that shall be decided by the society.
d) That if any problem arises in c/w specification of the stated project it shall be the subject of arbitration act and the arbitrator of the Second Party shall be the first choice.
SCHEDULE OF THE PROPERTY
Within District of Paschim Bardhaman, P.S. Salanpur, Sub-Division Asansol and Addl. Dist. Sub-Registry Office: Kulti, Mouza Dharma, J.L. No.74, the piece and parcel of Rayati land. Sub Plot No- FPD-AF-30 & 31.

R.S. & L.R Plot No 243, 254, measuring an area of 22 Katha of land or 15840 square ft. under B.L. & L.R.O. Salanpur.
WITNESSES :
1.

			   				 Signature of the First Party 

2.
					
               					     Signature of the Second party 

Drafted and prepared by me as 
per the instruction of the parties.

 Advocate

